My Clan, The Rolling Hills, travelled the outer spaces of the Oligarchy. 
As we travelled and I got more involved with the clan I was sent out to talk to the townsfolk for food and supplies.
During these trips I fell in love with the academics around every turn.
During this sudden lust for knowledge, truth, logic, and reason, I slowly felt myself distancing from my clan.
They have always been focused on connecting with each other and learning, but I wanted deeper truths, more truths.
I found myself sneaking out to interact with townsfolk more and more, until eventually I got introduced to my first meeting with the followers of Mekhane.
This only awakened my thirst more, and gave me a path forward with this knowledge.
I still continued travelling with my clan but everytime we stopped I sought out the temple and the meetings regarding Mekhane.
My clan was getting worried, and started doing everything they could to keep me with them to no avail.
My parents were some of the worst at attempting to lock me down.
They kept trying to keep me contained, but that only made the discord grow more.
Eventually the tension boiled over and I went to stay with other followers.
From there I met my best friend, Eilcyne (ellie - scene) windspirit.
They were the ones to support me when I was copperless and alone.
They helped me truly find Mekhane and was around when my clerical powers started to appear.
They coached me on how to be the best cleric I can and are who got me into adventuring overall.
Elicyne, an Elf, is one of my newest connections, but I do still have a connection to my clan and wish them the best.
There are moments where I try to seek out where they are and what they are doing, but I have forgotten the travelling paths of old, and it seems they have new travelling paths after I left.
Elicyne also helped me learn to be scholarly, teaching me Elvish and connection with the scholars closer to the center of the Oligarchy, and the University it houses.
I had to leave her to continue my journey of finding and spreading knowledge and truths, as well as searching for parts of Mekhane (as all followers wish to do).
We have plans to meet far in the future, hopefully I can fulfill that promise.
Along my many travels after leaving Elicyne, lots was spent connecting with other followers, and especially other clerics.
There was one who took me under their wing in ways I thought would never happen.
They coached me, taught me everything a non cleric like Elicyne would never know, as well as simply caring for me.
It had been a long time since I had been cared for but that connection too had to end as they were a simple human and our lives would deviate too soon with age.
Juser Nahu (You-sir, Na-who), was my greatest mentor and I am unsure what has become of him.

Clan = The Rolling Hills

Old Best Friend: Eilcyne WindSpirit (ellie-scene) [Elf] -> Hoping to meet up again at some point... who knows when or where but a promise has been made. Wasn't a Cleric

Mentor: Juser Nahu (You-sir, Na-who) [Human] -> Is a cleric of Mekhane, unsure of his future

I own a book of the shift of Technological power (Ancient Archian people and their disappearance leading to a power vacuum for the cascadians and their technology to fill the void and the influence it has had on the world)

Parents: Not the biggest fan of me leaving. Tried to keep me home. Entire clan wanted me to stay as a nomad. Am still a nomad kinda... just different

Travelled: Oligarchy of Lisdaven


